Look
There's no one outside
The weather is great today,
maybe we should get out of the car
It's not a good idea
What's not good about it?
Zhang Wen Xu,
I really overestimated you
Tell me
how are you going to compensate me?
Tomorrow, the top international fashion brand
KILA is holding an event downtown
Didn't that person take your dress?
We'll buy a whole new set then
Oh, don't worry
KILA
Hello, Jian Dao
Li Bei Qīng
It's so late
Why are you still calling me?
Tomorrow, the famous international designer KILA
is hosting an event downtown
Do you want to go see it?
Why are you interested in fashion now?
Wait a minute
But I heard that KILA
only designs women's clothing
So how come you...
Ah, that's right
I just want to go
Alright
I'll go with you tomorrow
Okay
Then let's not leave until we meet tomorrow
Alright
What's wrong?